I find that using user stories is a great way to to create a great successful and valuble software. This can be done through understanding what my users genuinely need and want from the program. By having an open line of communication with your client is going to be very important for this. with user stories this is going to be a great way to show the devolopers and testers exactly what the client is looking for in the software. This gives you a more dynamic way of presenting it instead of the use of requirment forms. With consistant user stories will help with prioritizing the wasks during each spint meeting. 
I would hope to incorperate everything that I have learned about the agile process. There are many things that I have learned through out this course. Some of the items that I might pick specificlly is understanding and accepting that ther is going to be failures during the process, I will have to expect that there will need to be a change at some point during the development process, Creating user stories and a product backlog are going to help with organization. 
I think what it means to be a good developer or more specficlly a good team member you are going to have to be able to admit when you made a mistake and that you're going to learn from it. Sometimes you are going to have to swollow your pride and ask for help with what ever you happen to get stuck on. This is something that can help you save time on the project. By not spending to much time on something that you are having an issue with you can ask someone for help, this may turn hours of a headace to a possible ten minute fix. You must also be able to give and take critisim without taking it personally. You will not be able to improve if you ignore everything someone tells you even if you think you know more than them. 
